wait watch my wheelies how's the good
really good I wish my wheelie
no no that's Justin wait Dawsons car
right there is that hit me fuck him
block him is there hearing it yeah
that wasn't just all those coppers let's
go right there kids in there is retarded
like he runs down the road and Tracy hit
by cars and shit nice coat she was that
mean
through the whole way here the light was
like right in my eyes mate it's over son
I don't we talking about and note i
noticed if you turn it down then when
you're traveling it like a decent speed
it turns out more no shut up yeah um
yeah i mean i'm so fucking sick of group
work boy there's like fun they're all
just like fucking oh I don't think we
need to do that so let's just not do it
I'm just like fucking would take us 10
minutes fucking do it you stupid cunt is
it really bumping this road for you now
you botch this shit I'll so I was
thinking fuck what I broken now oh yeah
I was she smell enough ink East good I
don't really want to go for biking
Kovalchuk is what we get stolen
instantly I would believe those people
don't know lately I want to steal it
like I still a camera what's that gonna
take that look she's still my own wave
slap dude i hope what on this bird's hit
you in the face I hope they shit on your
mask I crash and I
that's wrong
fuck you know you like a trillion k's
away about fortunately and actually all
someone just obvious cable with us
hilarious
Anu Hey look at his elbow it's still
looking these always go to limp on now
fuck I'm suck at the traffic lights all
that chick had massive boobies fucking
bang dead fuck man go go go go go go go
go go before that Cruiser kills me if I
just shoot you anyway cruisers are all
murderers known fact watch out i slide
down too much these these guys on the
corner or robots and look old I think
they've been doing robbing fucking bang
fuck man I fuck off disclosed of other
and talk as late as you want ah go
through I need assistance oh shit let's
go walk around I have a campus exploring
will probably get mugged or a little
something raped mugged raped oh you
built up heaps tight their foes just
give up thank you oh fuck a sense of why
that's fucking blonde a genius now look
at him and then fucking walk down the
road that's crazy you should read bong
this girl
so damaged it Eileen months no just
kidding i think is this black i think is
this is what's a black what to do with
this hot these lies don't look as red as
normal maybe like orange lights not like
all right i'll do are you apparently
work with you know when we went over
that bridge and shit the other day yeah
probably that slippery mooses territory
oh I should be Paul these people let's
pull out new racist let's go Woolies
okay was this what the fuck is a gap a
little any little garden chop-chop I'm
just don't let him go does the Hat guy
that we were behind the look at him
don't look at him and I'm staring at him
what shall we can get run over by these
guys fucking everyone wants to kill no
black right off I have my retard I'm ha
I say she does have a brown wall so
therefore we better go blah blah blah
blah blah ya know see little it's like
I'm in your head down Lister directly
that's the one those in the car feel
sorry for him because he's so fat maybe
you want to cream cake
settle down soon you know what to do
that what is this aequitas troll it's
good because someone's got to face them
all up so you get for not being the
coals you put your clear Superman yeah
fucking just watch as you are you've got
any aerial very like a millimeter hi
it's about as fit as you dick why can't
we go because obviously it's bread